Research Presentation

Goal: We're investigating the behaviour of different profiles in a file sharing network. 

Simulation (The basics):
We are simulating a network made up of peers and documents. Peers can act, documents can not. 
Only one peer can act at a time. The peer who is acting will be referred to as the user. The user is randomly selected from the set of all peers each turn (there is no order).


Peers are instances of a profile. Different Profiles will usually have a different combination of strategies.

Every profile possesses 6 strategies. These strategies are executed every time the peer acts (everytime the peer becomes the user).
- Rank
- Payoff
- Like
- Follow
- Publish
- Leave

Rank: Will return an ordered set of documents. 

Payoff: Will determine the reward/punishment given to the user this turn. 
IE: if the documents in the peers rank list have tags in common with the peer, then one possible payoff strategy will reward the peer for consuming those documents.

Like: Will determine which documents the user will like. By liking a document, the user forms a link to that document. Allowing the user to access the document at any point in the future.

Follow: This is the same as the like strategy, but instead of being formed with documents, the links connect the user to other peers.

Publish: Allows the user to create new documents.

Leave: Allows a peer to leave and rejoin a network.


Which brings us to one of my earliest experiments...

Experiment one:
In this experiment, we observe the success of profiles depending on the age of the network.

The age of the network is the sum of how many times the peers in the network have acted. 
The success of a profile is determined by the average utility of the peers with that profile.


Experiment two: viral vs advertising



Experiment three: learning 
- dissappointed that when modifying links to peers, there was no significant improvement... even when changing mutating the tag values

- forgetting function applied to learning links
